all right check it out guys this is
trevor james we are in kuantan on the
east coast of malaysia
it is absolutely beautiful here this is
just endless
beaches and fishing villages and i'm so
excited
because this is the ultimate east
malaysia road trip we're bringing you on
and today we're driving our way up the
east coast a little bit north
into the small little villages and
bringing you for tons of street food
that we find along the way
check it out guys this is
it part three of seven of our ultimate
east coast malaysia road trip and today
we're bringing you in all the way from
kuantan to dungun
the land of seafood and taking you
for some incredibly unique food and
beautiful locations along the way
so make sure to watch this video all the
way until the end so you don't miss any
of it
let's eat and here we are guys just
driving through
kuantan it's a beautiful small little
city and we got a lot of food to eat
today
first up we're bringing you to a warang
a local
tiny little street stall with tons of
delicious food and then we're going to
be driving all the way up the coast
let's go check it out guys and here it
is guys look at this
it's just right here wow look at that
right on the street
okay guys and we just walked up to the
ultimate bakar bakar
station look at this this is all
grilled lamb and chicken and we were
just talking with the owner
it's in a spicy and sweet barbecue
sauce their own homemade barbecue sauce
your name
thank you aja for having us today wow
and look at this there's sotong bakar as
well which is
fried squid here we go he's just slicing
into that sotong
and it is looking beautiful it's got
that sweet barbecuey spicy smell to it
incredible it's a rich looking sotong
here makassibas
let's go try some food out and we're
going to start with rice thank you aja
oh that's the ikan villas look at all
these fried fish okay and then here's
the ulam
oh pata there makassi
okay i try thank you and i love how
malaysia has so many different types of
ulam ulam that's the king zulam
yeah okay thank you and then what are
these here
these are all the
all spicy i think maybe i'm gonna try
the mango
sambal i think that's a fermented shrimp
paste sambal
and oh and tempo yak okay and then you
have a lot of food here as well oh
that's the fermented durian
this is just beautiful look at all these
dishes here i've just taken some
fish some eggplant but there's really
everything you could need here there's
seafood
there's meat regular chicken and lamb
vegetable dishes
and we've got some la la and the crab
and this is the
gulai masak lamak i believe so it's a
coconut turmeric
curry with lots of chili and make sure
to just soak the rice
and we've got the sotong station here
look at all these beautiful sotong
right off the grill and sauce okay oh
extra sauce tara mcassie and chicken too
hiramakasi wow nam it up thank you
aja
wow we just got a full on warang style
lunch and this is just such a beautiful
meal guys so we've got the sambal
zamkoyak we've got the sotong bakar
and then these are the ulam right king's
leaf
and then oh and these are casually
wow and then we got some grilled fish
and then you're special the
ayambakar and the kambinbakar
thank you and what i'm loving so much
here is this mixture
of tempoyak sambal the balachan
which is a shrimp paste sambal and we're
just gonna
oh yeah let's just try that curry
rice out first that sambal
she knows how to make spicy sambal that
is a strong
durian extremely spicy potent fermented
curry and then one thing we really gotta
try
i think these are the cashew leaves
that's what she was saying and let's
just dip it in some sambal balachan
that's a fermented shrimp paste spicy
sambal
actually the leaf itself is quite dry
it's like chewing a paste
with that spicy sambal i think i like
that and next up we can go for this
grilled chicken
that is so juicy looking and it looks
like a regular barbecue sauce but let's
see how it tastes
mmm it actually tastes like a
regular barbecue sauce very nice
slightly sweet slightly spicy delicious
and aj just gave us that special sauce
for this fish look at this guys this is
the
thread thin fish coated in a turmeric
spice mix and fried and we're just gonna
peel the scales
and this is what malaysia is all about
the sambals tamarind sambal so it's
gonna be spicy
sweet and sour let's try it out
mmm that is all you need right there
that asam is delicious sour sweet
and spicy
and overall it's just a fantastic meal
especially with that coconut milk
turmeric spiced rice and all of the
mixed
samples let's finish this meal and keep
going
thank you see you bye-bye
bye-bye that was delicious see you
bye-bye and next up before making our
way to du-moon and finding the
ultimate alien slipper lobster we're
driving up the beautiful east coast
and finding some unique street snacks
but first
we gotta bring you for a very unique
take on the ultimate malaysian street
dessert
durian chandelle okay guys and we're
just driving through downtown kuantan
now
one more stop before we keep driving up
north along the east coast
we're gonna cool down because it is so
hot the weather today we need an
ice cold dessert so let's go find one
and here we are guys look we just found
a durian kendall we're gonna line up and
i think
we're gonna watch how it's made too hi
boss how are you
wow so you're making all the special
malaysian desserts here
oh and this is the chandel so salim here
is going to be preparing for us the
special
cendol durian is that okay
okay thank you salim okay and chandel is
one of the must try
absolute must try desserts of malaysia
and look it's just
shaved beautiful shaved ice into a
condensed little cone
and here's the santan guys look at this
wow
and there's the cendol on the bottom
look at that
and after topping the shaved ice with
some incredibly rich
gula melaka some very rich malaysian
durian
pandan jelly and of course rich coconut
milk
it was ready to eat and this for us yes
okay thank you salim
wow it looks good okay thanks so much
thank you salim
and here we are guys look at this salim
just made us the ultimate
cendol this is cendol ayurputi it's in
the
white water street so every chandel is
different
some have a more roasted gula melaka
flavor some are more milky some are more
creamy
this one has a durian and the shaved ice
a lot of the time that's the secret as
well for me i love
cendol when the gula melaka is saturated
into the ice so it has an extra sweet
burst let's try it out
the channel itself is sweet the gula
melaka has that classic
natural roasted goodness to it and then
the pandan jelly has a vanilla
smoothness and it's really cooling and
refreshing
so much caramel flavor in that durian
it's like a caramel
milky odorous goodness and then with
that vanilla
milky chandle that's awesome and salim
totally just hooked us up
that can compete with one of the best
okay i love the malacca and the santan
thank you salim see you next time thank
you
you too that was amazing guys
and we're going to keep going and next
up
before the ultimate alien slipper
lobster seafood
feast in du moun we're stopping on the
side of the road
at a random beach along the way enjoying
the sun
and then bringing you to a local street
snack and next up guys check this out
we're just driving
north along the beach roads now the
small roads
there's unlimited coconut trees here the
sky is blue
and we're right beside the most
beautiful endless beaches
i think we've ever seen and here we are
guys
just pulled over a random spot on the
side of the road
and we're gonna see how beautiful this
beach is
wow this sure is beautiful isn't it
endless beaches this is just what the
whole stretch is gonna be like
no people you don't have to pay for any
expensive places you can just
this is already pure luxury look at that
wow let's go
let's go just coming into taranganu now
we finally made it and we are just
pulling up
checking out these street stalls what do
we got here hi
happycabba oh
iniapa so we've got the tatar
we've got the otak the spiced fish paste
with curry in there
and the pulut pangan wow the malaysia
special let's try one out
so this is a spiced fish paste wrapped
in a banana leaf
oh jeremy cassie
oh yeah it's sweet and spicy
and you can see they use natural wood
here wow let's get a few more of those
for the road
so there's the satar and then there's
otakota wrapped in a
banana leaf ota
wow look at that
any otakota
and there it is
oh so that's sardine and rumpa
so that's the local spice mix
oh rambo curry oh yeah ooh it's like a
sweet
curry mmm jeremy kessie
see you next time bye-bye that's amazing
guys we just got some street side snacks
there's so many stalls all along the
coast here and we just stopped at a
random one
and they're actually very very delicious
and next up is the moment we've been
waiting for
to bring you in for the ultimate doom
moon seafood
feast with one of the most unique alien
slipper lobsters cooked in a spicy
kaffir lime sauce you need to see this
okay guys and here we are just made it
into du moon this is an incredibly
relaxing seaside town and we're almost
in koala terengganu as we make our way
further and further north and to finish
up the day here guys
we're gonna stop in for some famous
seafood and we're gonna see what we can
find here guys this is
malaysian east coast style seafood
cooking
right here at madan ikambakar let's go
check it out
and here we are guys look at how
beautiful this is right
on the peninsula here so blue the ocean
is incredible and
high bus
so this is the slipper lobster or
flathead lobster i believe
and we're gonna make that mesut chili
kering so
with uh chili and then you've also got
other osotong
hanza tong and it's going to be
so fried and it's going to be set up and
there's our fish guys
we've got three slipper lobsters
flathead lobsters one mirror fish and
one
giant sotong squid and here we are guys
we just got invited into the kitchen
hi boss
and we just stepped into the ultimate
malaysian seafood kitchen
take a look at this so boss is first
gonna make the steamed mirror fish
with lime okay here we go let's see how
he makes it
so ginger garlic and chili
that's beautiful
oh white onion and this is the most
amazing
wok station guys here look at this three
woks all cooking malaysian seafood
and you can see he's just taking all of
these ingredients so a little bit of
salt a little bit of oh
sugar a little bit of garlic wow
lemon juice and oh
so we just mixed in lemon and oyster
sauce oh and it's going right on that
fish
wow look at that oh and here's our
slipper lobster
so we're gonna make chili kering okay
he's just throwing it in oh there's the
chili
wow it's full of chili and then cafe
lime leaves
down don't leave him out oh that looks
like it's gonna be delicious
so chef is just frying this slipper
lobster in the most incredible
aroma combo of kaffir lime leaves
and the chili kering and there it goes
look at that
chili caring oh nam sit up
oh and there's the sauce smells amazing
nam packs it up
yeah wow oh and here's our
squid going in wow
this is the terengganu special
wow so that is eggs and flower oh and
there it is
wow finished look at that numb box it up
no i'm it up and there it is wow
an inepa so that's
onion chili and tamarind sauce wow
oh and here's our nasi goreng seafood
you can see the fried onions the sotong
squid and the prawns
and here the dishes come fried rice
that's the special there guys the
slipper lobster it almost looks like a
chili
sichuan sauce and then the sotong
the fried squid and then we've got that
lime
mirror fish wow and here it is
there mccassivas and here's the mirror
steamed fish with lime jeremy cassie
wow banyak look at this guys
and this one here is looking like the
real standout to me the slipper lobster
you can see he's loaded it with these
kaffir lime leaves
and that red chili infused sauce so it
already smells
like citrusy and full of lime
and then we've got a classic malaysian
fried rice
nasi goreng and then we've got the
mirror fish
steamed and covered in a lemongrass
ginger green chili garlic
and lemon sauce and then we've got the
famous
sotong chalupong which is classic
fried sotong and this is a tiranganu
special
and this fried squid comes with this
chukka tupong sauce which is chili
tamarind and onion i think so it's gonna
be sour and spicy
and we can just dip that in i can't wait
to try this and also that
kaffir lime alien lobster
oh it's perfectly sweet and spicy i
think it's more sweet than spicy and
that's so tongue
it's that incredible aroma that you get
when you fry things in flour
and eggs so aromatic and here we go look
at this we're gonna go in wow there's
the slipper lobster look at that body
meat oh my goodness
and you can really smell that kaffir
lime
citrusy goodness and i've never tried
this before i'm really looking forward
to trying this let's go in
that's slippery lobster oh look at all
of that meat i would say
it's like a regular lobster times 100
because it is so much
softer the meat is just melting in your
mouth it's not muscular like regular
lobster
and then this sauce here that's actually
quite sweet and spicy
and then it's got an amazing citrus hit
from the kaffir lime
and a little bit of nuttiness as well
because he's added in lots of
sesame i think that's one of the best
lobsters you'll ever eat there it's just
pure
soft yeah
thank you very much see you next time
thank you
wow thank you see you bye thank you
hope you guys are enjoying this
terengganu east coast series please
leave a comment down below
we'd love to know what you thought and
thanks a lot for watching guys this is a
lot of fun making these videos for you